.planning/STATE.md, before:

# Project State

## Project Reference

See: .planning/PROJECT.md (updated 2026-01-20)

**Core value:** Users who process volume through OpenFacilitator get rewarded with $OPEN tokens
**Current focus:** v1.1 SDK & Docs

## Current Position

Milestone: v1.1 SDK & Docs
Phase: Not started (defining requirements)
Plan: —
Status: Defining requirements
Last activity: 2026-01-20 — Milestone v1.1 started

Progress: Ready for roadmap

## Performance Metrics

**v1.0 Velocity:**
- Total plans completed: 19
- Average duration: 3m 23s
- Total execution time: 1.07 hours
- Phases: 11

## Accumulated Context

### Decisions

See PROJECT.md Key Decisions table for full history.
v1.0 decisions archived in milestones/v1.0-ROADMAP.md.

### Pending Todos

- Dashboard features spotlight (deferred to future)
- Email notifications (deferred to future)
- Sybil detection dashboard (deferred to future)

### Blockers/Concerns

- **Pre-Launch:** Rewards wallet must be funded before claims go live (March 2026)
- **Pre-Launch:** CRON_SECRET env var for volume snapshot cron jobs

## Session Continuity

Last session: 2026-01-20
Stopped at: Defining v1.1 requirements
Resume with: Continue requirements definition

Commit message:

docs: create milestone v1.1 roadmap (4 phases)
Phases:
12. SDK Type Definitions: SDK-01, SDK-02, SDK-03, SDK-09
13. SDK Type Guards & Utilities: SDK-04, SDK-05, SDK-06, SDK-08
14. SDK Method Updates: SDK-07, SDK-10, SDK-11, SDK-12
15. Refund Documentation: DOCS-01, DOCS-02, DOCS-03, DOCS-04

All 16 milestone requirements mapped to phases.

.planning/STATE.md, after:

# Project State

## Project Reference

See: .planning/PROJECT.md (updated 2026-01-20)

**Core value:** Users who process volume through OpenFacilitator get rewarded with $OPEN tokens
**Current focus:** v1.1 SDK & Docs - Phase 12

## Current Position

Milestone: v1.1 SDK & Docs
Phase: 12 of 15 (SDK Type Definitions)
Plan: Not started
Status: Ready to plan
Last activity: 2026-01-20 — Roadmap created for v1.1

Progress: [##########..........] 73% (v1.0 complete, v1.1 starting)

## Performance Metrics

**v1.0 Velocity:**
- Total plans completed: 19
- Average duration: 3m 23s
- Total execution time: 1.07 hours
- Phases: 11

**v1.1:** Not started

## Accumulated Context

### Decisions

See PROJECT.md Key Decisions table for full history.
v1.0 decisions archived in milestones/v1.0-ROADMAP.md.

### Pending Todos

- Dashboard features spotlight (deferred to future)
- Email notifications (deferred to future)
- Sybil detection dashboard (deferred to future)

### Blockers/Concerns

- **Pre-Launch:** Rewards wallet must be funded before claims go live (March 2026)
- **Pre-Launch:** CRON_SECRET env var for volume snapshot cron jobs

## Session Continuity

Last session: 2026-01-20
Stopped at: Created v1.1 roadmap (Phases 12-15)
Resume with: `/gsd:plan-phase 12`
